Hello, and welcome back to Angular 2 essential
training.
In this section we’ll be discussing routing.
Routing is what happens when we move from
one page on our site to another.
This could be triggered by button clicks,
clicks on a navigation menu, or code redirections.
We’ll start this section off by going through
how to build a simple routing implementation
sending the user to our main page using the
router-outlet.
Then we’ll see how to use the routerLink
to send users to a new page whenever they
click on links such as a navigation menu or
buttons.
Finally, we’ll see how to pass parameters
to our routes so that we can navigate to an
individual book.
While doing so, we’ll build out a new books-details
component to render specific book details.